Display also soft filters on institute's filters page (#5280)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Documentation on how to delete variants for one or more cases
- Document the option to collect green genes from any panel when updating the PanelApp green genes panel

> - On institute's filters page, display also eventual soft filters applied to institute's variants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On the institute's filters page, display also any soft filters applied to institute's variants
```
